feat: add experimental test table parsing (#8)
nvim-neotest/neotest-go: README.md

})
```

> You can also supply optional argument to the setup function if you want to
> enable our experimental feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also supply optional arguments to the setup function if you want to
enable experimental features.
```

```lua
require("neotest").setup({
  adapters = {
    require("neotest-go")({

>       x = { 

Reviewer: I think just calling this experimental would be better? Since `x` is not really very clear.

Author: I thought just `x` was going to be a cool option name. But updated it regardless.
